Describe what happens if TLS breaks (#3587)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

### Handshake {#handshake-properties}

> The QUIC handshake incorporates the TLS 1.3 handshake and enjoys the

Reviewer: enjoys is an odd word to me, but I'm struggling to find a better one.

Reviewer 2: "benefits from" ?

Reviewer 2: "benefits from" ?

Reviewer 3: Ahh @ekr will be sad
But yeah “benefits from” or “inherits” are all less tongue-in-cheek

Reviewer 4: I don't really feel strongly about it. This is the text that 8446 uses (See S 8.1), so it's not tongue in cheek. I prefer "inherits" if that's accurate.

Reviewer: I also don't really care, we can keep it as is.

cryptographic properties described in Appendix E.1 of {{?TLS13=RFC8446}}. Many
of the security properties of QUIC depend on the TLS handshake providing these
properties. Any attack on the TLS handshake could affect QUIC.

> Any attack on the TLS handshake that might compromise the secrecy or uniqueness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any attack on the TLS handshake that compromises the secrecy or uniqueness
```

of session keys affects other security guarantees provided by QUIC that depends
on these keys. For instance, migration ({{migration}}) depends on the efficacy

> of confidentiality protections, both from the negotiation of keys using the TLS
> handshake and from QUIC packet protection, to avoid linkability across network

Reviewer 3: Minor word nit:
```suggestion
of confidentiality protections, both for the negotiation of keys using the TLS
handshake and for QUIC packet protection, to avoid linkability across network
```
